Add widget screenshot requirements and update some out of date fields (#2858)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/widgets.md

| `name` | The title of the widget, presented to users. | Yes |
| `short_name` | An alternative short version of the name. | No |
| `description` | A description of what the widget does. | Yes |
| `icons` | An array of icons to be used for the widget. If missing, the `icons` manifest member is used instead. Icons larger than 1024x1024 will be ignored. | No |

> | `screenshots` | An array of screenshots that show what the widget looks like. Analogous to the [`screenshot` manifest member](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest/screenshots). Note that the `platform` field of a screenshot item currently supports the `Windows` and `any` values. Images larger than 1024x1024 pixels will be ignored. For screenshot requirements specific to the Windows 11 Widgets Board, see [Screenshot image requirements](/windows/apps/design/widgets/widgets-picker-integration#screenshot-image-requirements) in _Integrate with the widget picker_. | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `screenshots` | An array of screenshots that show what the widget looks like. Analogous to the [`screenshot` manifest member](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Manifest/screenshots). The `platform` field of a screenshot item supports the `Windows` and `any` values. Images larger than 1024x1024 pixels are ignored. For screenshot requirements specific to the Windows 11 Widgets Board, see [Screenshot image requirements](/windows/apps/design/widgets/widgets-picker-integration#screenshot-image-requirements) in _Integrate with the widget picker_. | Yes |
```

| `tag` | A string used to reference the widget in the PWA service worker. | Yes |
| `template` | The template to use to display the widget in the operating system widgets dashboard. Note: this property is currently only informational and not used. See `ms_ac_template` below. | No |
| `ms_ac_template` | The URL of the custom Adaptive Cards template to use to display the widget in the operating system widgets dashboard. See [Define a widget template](#define-a-widget-template) below. | Yes |
| `data` | The URL where the data to fill the template with can be found. If present, this URL is required to return valid JSON. | No |
| `type` | The MIME type for the widget data. | No |
| `auth` | A boolean indicating if the widget requires authentication. | No |
| `update` | The frequency, in seconds, at which the widget will be updated. Code in your service worker must perform the updating; the widget is not updated automatically. See [Access widget instances at runtime](#access-widget-instances-at-runtime). | No |

> | `multiple` | A boolean indicating whether to allow multiple instances of the widget. Defaults to true. | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `multiple` | A boolean indicating whether to allow multiple instances of the widget. Defaults to `true`. | No |
```
Backticks to mark "true" as code rather than regular words.  d/k if you saw previous comment about this and want to keep it plain text; re-entering in case missed.

Author: Yes sorry, I missed the backticks on the original comment and made the change manually since I wasn't logged in with the right account at the time. Thanks for catching that!

> | `multiple` | A boolean indicating whether the to allow multiple instances of the widget. Defaults to true. | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `multiple` | A boolean indicating whether to allow multiple instances of the widget. Defaults to true. | No |
```

This object is passed as an argument to listeners of service worker widget events of type `widgetinstall`, `widgetuninstall`, and `widgetresume`.

For the `widgetinstall`, `widgetuninstall`, and `widgetresume` event types, the `widgetEvent` object has the following properties:

| Property | Description | Type |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| `widget` | The widget instance that triggered the event. | [widget](#widget-object) |
| `instanceId` | The widget instance ID. | `String` |
| `hostId` | The widget host ID. | `String` |

> #### widgetClickEvent object

Reviewer: [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2858#issuecomment-1754035166) from Amanda to @captainbrosset in PR main page - 

> Would you PTAL? I'm not sure about the wording of the WidgetClick event bit at the end, so lmk if you have suggestions on how to better word that.

> This object is passed as an argument to listeners of service worker widget events of type `widgetclick`. App windows can be opened in response to the `widgetclick` event using `clients.openWindow()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object is passed as an argument to listeners of service worker widget events of type `widgetclick`. App windows can be opened in response to the `widgetclick` event, by using `clients.openWindow()`.
```
For easier parsing.
Related: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

> This object is passed as an argument to listeners of service worker widget events of type `widgetclick`. App windows can be opened in response to the `widgetclick` event, by using `clients.openWindow()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object is passed as an argument to listeners of service worker widget events of type `widgetClick`. App windows can be opened in response to the `widgetClick` event, by using `clients.openWindow()`.
```
tech review this change

Author: all the events are intentionally lowercase to be consistent with other JS events, so leaving as-is

> This object is passed as an argument to listeners of service worker widget events of type `widgetclick`. App windows can be opened in response to the `widgetclick` event, by using `clients.openWindow()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This object is passed as an argument to listeners of service worker widget events of type `widgetclick`. You can open your app's window in response to the `widgetclick` event, by using `clients.openWindow()`.
```
